 Colonel Durnford... William Vereker. I hear you 've been seeking Officers?
 Good ones, yes, Mr Vereker. Gentlemen who can ride and shoot
 Your orders, Mr Vereker?
 I'm to take the Sikali with the main column to the river
 Lord Chelmsford seems to want me to stay back with my Basutos.
 I think Chelmsford wants a good man on the border Why he fears a flanking attack and requires a steady Commander in reserve.
 Well I assure you, Sir, I have no desire to create difficulties. 45
 And I assure you, you do not In fact I'd be obliged for your best advice. What have your scouts seen?
 So far only their scouts. But we have had reports of a small Impi farther north, over there. 
 Lighting COGHILL' 5 cigar: Our good Colonel Dumford scored quite a coup with the Sikali Horse.
 Um. There are rumours that my Lord Chelmsford intends to make Durnford Second in Command.
 Well that's typical of Her Majesty's army. Appoint an engineer to do a soldier's work.
 Do you think she might be interested in  someone?
 Which one?
 Well that one. The one who keeps looking at me.
 ft could be you flatter yourself CoghilL It's that odd eye.
 Choose your targets men. That's right Watch those markers. 55
 Keep steady. You're the best shots of the Twenty-Fourth. You bunch of heathens, do it
 Stuart?
 Yes.
 How quickly can you move your artillery forward?
 Well, my horses are feeding, as you may observe, Mr Coghill. It'll take a little while.
 Well, fed or hungry, Pulleine wants them in position immediately. .
 Right.  Bombardier, to me please.
 Yes. I see you've issued each of them with a Martini Henry Carbine. Our quota for Native contingencies: one rifle to ten men and only five rounds per rifle.
 But will they make good use of them?
 What's that strange name the newspaper chap's called?
 Er, called Noggs, Sir Actual name is Norris-Newman. He presented credentials from "The Standard".
 Our runners bare his dispatches, do they not?
 The only reports of enemy activity have come from the direction of the Royal Kraal, at Ulundi.
 Thank you.
 Yes?
 A large party of Zulus have been sighted in the direction of the King's KraaL Getting up, CHELMSFORD moves over to look at the map on his desk.
 Splendid site, Crealock, splendil I want to establish Camp here immediately.
 Certainly, Sin
